1. Basic information
Team number (e.g., 01) : 29
#1 Student ID : 68923829
#1 Student Name : Ishita Acharya
#2 Student ID : 11372208
#2 Student Name : Shweta Kumari
OS (bit) : 64 bit OS X El Capitan version 10.11.6
gcc version : 4.2.1

2. Meta-data page in an index file
- Show your meta-data page of an index design if you have any.
In the index structure implemented, there is no need for a meta-data page.
 

3. Index Entry Format
- Show your index entry design (structure). 
Non-Leaf Node - In all the internal nodes, <PageID,key,PageID> are stored. The PageID will be the pointers to child-nodes.
Leaf Node - In all the leaf Nodes, indexing is done using <key, List of RIDs>. 

4. Page Format
- Show your internal-page (non-leaf node) design.

In every internal page, below information is stored:
a. Node Type - Type of node is stored (leaf/non-leaf)
b. Free Space Pointer - This value stores the offset of free space inside the page.
c. Number of Keys - Counter of total number of keys present in the page.

- Show your leaf-page (leaf node) design.

In every leaf-page, below information is stored:
a. Node Type - Type of node is stored (leaf/non-leaf)
b. Free Space Pointer - This value stores the offset of free space inside the page.
c. Number of Keys - Counter of total number of keys present in the page.
d. Next Leaf Location - These are the pointers to the sibling leaf nodes.

5. Implementation Detail
- Have you added your own source file (.cc or .h)? No

- Have you implemented non-lazy deletion? Choose Yes or No: No 

- Have you implemented duplicated key handling that can span multiple pages? Choose Yes or No: No
  If yes, please explain briefly how you have implemented this feature.

- Other implementation details:
a. Duplicate keys - Duplicates are handled by maintaining a list of RIDs for any particular (duplicate) key.
b. PrintBTree() is implemented in pre-order and is in JSON format.
c. Lazy Deletion is followed without merging the half-filled nodes.

6. Other (optional)
- Freely use this section to tell us about things that are related to the project 3, but not related to the other sections (optional)

